Kite: Hey Hart!
You there?
Why aren't you answering me?
He's gone.
Where's Hart?
Tell me right now!
Guard: We're
conducting a search.
Dextra and nistro are
trying to retrie...
Have you two found Hart yet?
Well?
Have you?
Nistro: I told the control team
to keep this mission quiet!
So how did Kite find out?
Dextra!
Nistro, come in!
Do you read me?
Why aren't you answering?
Because you're
annoying, that's why!
Dextra: Don't cut him off yet.
Calm down, Kite.
We can confirm that
your brother is safe.
But dextra!
Listen.
We're supposed
to bring Hart back.
And it won't be easy.
We'll need your help, Kite.
You brother was detected on the
roof of the windmill tower
located in the bay area.
He's with a boy
named yuma tsukumo.
Are you kidding?
We're supposed
to handle this!
Why bring in Kite?
Because we can't
do this without him.
Hart is too powerful
in his current state.
Last time we tried to nab him
the results were explosive.
Kite is the only person I know
who that boy will
trust right now.
I believe Hart will listen to
Kite and obey what he says.
Why is Hart at that tower?
Here.
It's caramel.
It's a tasty magical power-up.
It can give you strength.
Hart: It's sweet!
It's really sweet!
I feel energetic.
That's good.
I will always protect you.
Stop it!
Let me go, you...
Hart!
Let him go!
He must have been drawn to that
place. But why go with yuma?
I want answers and I'll stop
at nothing to get them!
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
YUMA: Well, that was
certainly a weird goodbye.
Quinton: I'm Hart's friend.
I'm here to help.
Isn't that right, Hart?
But Hart did seem to know the
guy, so I guess it'll be okay.
Tori: He'll be fine.
I guess Kite was too busy to
pick Hart up so
he sent a friend.
Maybe...
but I feel like I don't
understand anything about Hart.
Kite once told me he hunts
for numbers to help his little
brother, but why?
My mission is to
destroy astral world.
astral: Could it be True?
Who is it now?
Isn't that the chopper
that took Hart away?
It's you again.
Okay kid, where is Hart?
What do ya mean?
Your guys took him
away a few minutes ago!
Who took him?
Somebody with a
chopper just like yours!
Aren't you guys all
working for the same team?
The chopper that picked up Hart
had a symbol like that, too!
Did you hear that, dextra?
Yuma.
Yeah.
I don't believe a
word that he says.
We're the only ones
looking for Hart.
Stop lying to us or else...
what have you done with Hart?
Leave him alone!
Put me down, nistro!
Can it, kid!
Don't forget we're on the duel
carnival's organizing committee.
All it takes is one word from us
and you'll be booted
out of the competition.
I know.
Then we want a
straight answer from you.
What have you done with Hart?
Hey!
What's that?
Orbital 7: Nice landing, sir.
Alright. Tell me Hart is!
Is my brother okay?
Well?
Kite, I tried to tell them, But
they think I'm hiding Hart So
they won't listen
to anything I say.
Are you hiding him, yuma?
No way!
The guy you sent came in a
chopper to pick up your brother.
I didn't send
anyone to pick him up.
Then he wasn't your friend?
Brother...
If Kite didn't send
that guy to pick up Hart,
then where did he come from?
Stop trying to fool us!
We weren't manufactured
yesterday, you know.
Be quiet.
I'm just saying, master Kite.
Describe the person
who picked up Hart.
Tell me everything.
You said "Guy."
I assume the
person was male?
Yeah of course!
What did he look like?
He seemed pretty young.
I think about twenty years old.
He was tall.
Approximate height
6 feet one inch.
Weight, 150 pounds.
Yeah right, the guy was about
six-one and weighed one-fifty!
He had long hair and his
eyes were the color blue.
He had long hair, and his eyes,
what color did you
say they were again?
You're askin' for it, twerp!
Stop it, nistro!
Or what?
I don't take orders from you!
Nistro!
But dextra, this
kid is makin' up
enough junk to
fill a garbage dump!
It is hard to believe,
but it seems clear that someone
outside of our team came here
and took Hart away.
Let's go, nistro.
There's nothing
more we can do for now.
Alright then.
You okay?
This whole mission
was a big waste of time.
It's my fault.
I shouldn't have let Hart go.
I'm sorry.
Hart isn't well.
I hope I find him soon.
Hart's sick?
Kite!
Hold on!
It's my fault
that Hart is missing.
I'll help you find him.
This is my problem, not yours.
No, Kite.
I made a promise to Hart.
That I'd bring you
both back together.
Give him the contact code.
Affirmative!
If you airheads find him,
this is how to reach us.
Good luck, Kite.
How awful.
Hart's sick and we turned
him over to a stranger.
It's all so confusing.
Why do you even
hunt numbers anyway?
Well, answer me!
I do it because it's the only
way I can save
my little brother.
Kite is hunting
numbers to save Hart.
Is he hoping to
cure him somehow?
Maybe someone else has
promised to cure him.
I wish we knew the truth.
Perhaps we have a clue.
I am curious why dextra and
nistro were searching for Hart.
They were very anxious to
recover the boy, as if they
wanted to avoid
getting into trouble.
Perhaps they lost Hart and were
trying to retrieve him before
their superior found out.
Once they got the boy from you,
they planned to take him back.
Back where?
They not only sit on the
carnival's organizing committee,
but they are enforcers for the
carnival's chief,
Mr. Heartland.
But if they're working
for Mr. Heartland...
then the most likely explanation
is that they were trying to
return Hart to Mr. Heartland.
Hart must have been under
heartland's custody
when he escaped.
And if that's True, then it's
possible... that in order to
cure his little
brother Kite is being
forced to collect numbers
for Mr. Heartland.
And so the person
behind it all...
... must be Mr. Heartland.
Wait, the person who took Hart
away wasn't working
for Mr. Heartland.
Correct.
There must be another
powerful figure who
wants to have
control of Hart.
Someone else?
Who is it?
Vetrix: Good.
We can start the ritual now.
hart, can you hear me?
where are you?
answer me.
please, little brother.
hart!
Hart.
Come out, come out
wherever you are!
Found you.
You win, Kite.
Like you always do.
You're really good
at hide and seek.
It doesn't matter where I try
to hide, you can always find me.
I always find you, Hart.
I'll find you this time too.
just call out!
call out to me!
Finally the moment has come!
I will drain Hart's power
from him and make it mine!
My plan for revenge can
at long last be fulfilled!
With my new Power, dr.
Faker will have no chance!
Yes, I can sense it!
It's so beautiful.
This must be astral world!
Hart's power truly is great!
Stop please...
No, you can't...
please!
The potential is truly awesome!
I'll be even stronger
than I dared dream!
I will be all powerful!
Help me!
Brother!
He's calling me!
That's Hart!
What's going on astral?
Why'd ya stop?
Hart is... in trouble.
What kind of trouble?
Do you think he's
in some kinda danger?
Save me, big brother!
Kite!
Hurry, please!
Hart Needs help right away.
He is quite desperate.
Your power is truly incredible!
It's a shame I can't let
you keep some of it.
But unfortunately I must
have all of it for myself!
Brother...
I need you!
Hurry, Kite!
I'm here, Hart!
Brother!
How can I find you?
Tell me!
Kite!
Hart, where are you?
Look for...
the moon in water...
and...
a white... castle...
moon in water.
A white castle.
I'm on my way, Hart!
So Hart doesn't know
the name of the place?
No.
But he described it.
It must be near water.
And looks like a white castle.
There's a lot of water
around here, but no castles.
Where could this place be?
It might be... that abandoned
museum just outside of the city.
Yeah, it could be.
Look here.
It does look sort
of like a castle.
Yeah you're right, Tori.
And there's a pond on the
property, so that could be where
Hart saw the
reflection of the moon.
That must be the place.
Let's move it.
There's no time to lose.
Kite, come in. Kite!
That's where
they're holding Hart.
I hope he's alright.
Kite!
Hart's locked away
in that old museum.
How can you be
sure of that, yuma?
I just know, okay?
It's not okay!
There's no room for error!
My brother's not well!
I need help, Kite.
Please hurry!
Yuma, our time is running out.
Listen, Kite.
We have to come up
with a rescue plan quickly.
How did they find us so fast?
Quattro: Who knows?
Maybe someone tipped them off.
Or maybe Kite followed you here,
Quinton.
Impossible.
Well since they're here, it
would be rude not to say hello.
And then bid them goodbye.
I'll be back.
Don't push your luck, quattro.
Do you think those losers are
too tough for me to handle?
Don't underestimate Kite.
He is a powerful duelist.
It's Only necessary for you to
delay them until vetrix has
completed the ritual.
Once we start dueling,
there's no guarantee.
I may not be able
to hold back.
Trey...
Keep him reined in.
Trey: I will.
You can count on me.
It seems that Hart's
captors are inviting us in.
Then let's accept their
invitation and go
at them deck to deck!
I'm going in alone.
Bad idea.
You don't even know
who's waiting in there.
Besides I got Hart
into this mess,
and I wanna help get him out!
No matter what you say, I'm
gonna be part of
this rescue too.
So what're we
waiting for, c'mon!
The place looks empty, guys.
Where could Hart be?
He's gotta be here somewhere.
If it isn't
the infamous Kite.
What an honor.
Hey, it's quattro!
You've met before?
We have.
Quattro.
I'll be happy to
duel you too, twerp.
You'll suffer the
same fate as your friends.
Do not give in
to your anger, yuma.
If you duel for revenge
you will never defeat him.
Don't worry.
I understand there's something
a lot bigger at stake.
Are you the ones
who took my brother?
Where is he?
Relax, no harm
has come to him.
At least not yet.
What's that mean?
When we're finished, we'll
turn Hart back over to you.
Well, what's left of him.
If you want to save the kid,
you don't have any choice.
You'll have to
get past us first.
This will be...
...a tag team duel!
Excellent!
Bring it on!
I'll crush you creeps and
get my brother out of here!
Hart isn't going anywhere yet!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
It's on!
Your souls will be mine!
Computer Voice: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
Brother!